#### 迭代加深搜索(Iterative Deepening DFS,IDDFS)
#### 是对IDDFS的进一步优化

### 3.9.1 IDDFS 

#### 1. BFS 和 DFS 的缺点

BFS 的 空间消耗

DFS 的 无效搜索

#### 2.IDDFS 的原理
 

#### 3. IDDFS 的 复杂度

时间复杂度 O( 2^k )
空间复杂度 O(k)
### 3.9.2 IDA*

#### IDDFS 一般需要升级为 IDA*
#### IDA* 是用估价函数进行剪枝的IDDFS

Power Calculus

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|**Time Limit:** 5000MS||**Memory Limit:** 65536K|
|**Total Submissions:** 4590||**Accepted:** 2523|

Description

Starting with _x_ and repeatedly multiplying by _x_, we can compute _x_31 with thirty multiplications:

> _x_2 = _x_ × _x_, _x_3 = _x_2 × _x_, _x_4 = _x_3 × _x_, …, _x_31 = _x_30 × _x_.

The operation of squaring can be appreciably shorten the sequence of multiplications. The following is a way to compute _x_31 with eight multiplications:

> _x_2 = _x_ × _x_, _x_3 = _x_2 × _x_, _x_6 = _x_3 × _x_3, _x_7 = _x_6 × _x_, _x_14 = _x_7 × _x_7, _x_15 = _x_14 × _x_, _x_30 = _x_15 × _x_15, _x_31 = _x_30 × _x_.

This is not the shortest sequence of multiplications to compute _x_31. There are many ways with only seven multiplications. The following is one of them:

> _x_2 = _x_ × _x, x_4 = _x_2 × _x_2, _x_8 = _x_4 × _x_4, _x_8 = _x_4 × _x_4, _x_10 = _x_8 × _x_2, _x_20 = _x_10 × _x_10, _x_30 = _x_20 × _x_10, _x_31 = _x_30 × _x_.

If division is also available, we can find a even shorter sequence of operations. It is possible to compute _x_31 with six operations (five multiplications and one division):

> _x_2 = _x_ × _x_, _x_4 = _x_2 × _x_2, _x_8 = _x_4 × _x_4, _x_16 = _x_8 × _x_8, _x_32 = _x_16 × _x_16, _x_31 = _x_32 ÷ _x_.

This is one of the most efficient ways to compute _x_31 if a division is as fast as a multiplication.

Your mission is to write a program to find the least number of operations to compute _xn_ by multiplication and division starting with _x_ for the given positive integer _n_. Products and quotients appearing in the sequence should be _x_ to a positive integer’s power. In others words, _x_−3, for example, should never appear.

Input

The input is a sequence of one or more lines each containing a single integer _n_. _n_ is positive and less than or equal to 1000. The end of the input is indicated by a zero.

Output

Your program should print the least total number of multiplications and divisions required to compute _xn_ starting with _x_ for the integer _n_. The numbers should be written each in a separate line without any superfluous characters such as leading or trailing spaces.

Sample Input

```
1
31
70
91
473
512
811
953
0
```

Sample Output

```
0
6
8
9
11
9
13
12
```

Source

[Japan 2006](http://poj.org/searchproblem?field=source&key=Japan+2006)             


#### Code(未测评，但本地可跑):

```cpp
#include<bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

const int N = 100;
int num[N]; 
int n,depth;
bool dfs(int now,int d){
	if(d > depth)	return 0;
	if(now == n)	return 1;
	if(now << (depth - d) < n)
		return 0;
	num[d] = now;
	for(int i=0;i<=d;i++){
		if(dfs(now + num[i],d+1))	return 1;
		else if(dfs(now - num[i],d+1))	return 1;
	}
	return 0;
} 

int main(){
 	while(~scanf("%d",&n)&&n){
 		for(depth = 0;;depth++){
 			memset(num,0,sizeof(num));
 			if(dfs(1,0))	 break;
		}	
		cout<<depth<<endl;
	}
	return 0;
 }
```


